Update browser availability note on webkit-scrollbar page (#30784)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_doublecolon_-webkit-scrollbar/index.md

> **Note:** If `overflow:scroll;` is not set, no scrollbar is displayed.

> > **Note:** `::-webkit-scrollbar` is only available in [Blink](https://www.chromium.org/blink/)- and [WebKit](https://webkit.org)-based browsers (e.g., Chrome, Edge, Opera, Safari, all browsers on iOS, and [others](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_web_browsers#WebKit-based)). A standardized method of styling scrollbars is available with {{cssxref("scrollbar-color")}} and {{cssxref("scrollbar-width")}}, but is currently not supported in all browsers.

Reviewer: We're trying to delegate specifics of browser support to Browser Compat Data (as this gets out of date and duplicates maintenance). What do you think about this?

```suggestion
> **Note:** The `::-webkit-scrollbar` vendor-prefixed pseudo-element is not supported on all browsers (see [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility)).
> The {{cssxref("scrollbar-color")}} and {{cssxref("scrollbar-width")}} standard properties may be used as an alternative for browsers that do not support this pseudo-element.
```
